# Spoken Test

---

1.What's the word "friend" to you? 

​	What do you think is the most important factor for "friendship" ?

It means I’ll start conversations with you, rather than wait for you to  say something. I enjoy your company, and I’m interested in what you have to say. Not out of politeness, but simply because you and your thoughts and opinions matter to me. 

It means I’ll stay up late to talk to you if you need me. To give you  advice, to offer you a shoulder to lean on. 

And most of all, I trust you not to hurt me. That's the point of how relationship is able to be called friendship.



2.Is body language important for successful communication ?

​	Could you give us an example about body language ?

Yes.

First of all , body language is equals to overall impression.

Studies have shown that in the process of communication, non-verbal expression is more influence than actual text. This means that "how to  say" is more important than "what to say"

In fact , body language is the best interpretation of  ideas and thoughts communication.

So the importance goes without saying.

For instance , look into the eyes of the person you're talking , is a frank and confident expression , also an expression of respect for others.



3.Do you remember any mistakes you have made in college ?

What did you do then ?

That's follow blindly. In high school, most of the teachers all "responsible" . Classmates 's thoughts are pure, uniformed.

undecorated

So I treat them in the way that I used to be , which turned out to left me not so well impression.

After then , I come to a realization that I am aimless, then, set targets , not afraid of hardship, enjoy the process of pursuing my dream.

​	



4.What's your favorite romance ? Why ?,

The man's romance, a concept of large.

Siegfried Sassoon said : In me the tiger sniffs the rose.

It's the sense of accomplishment after hours of coding.

It's the exhaustion after shooting a goal.

The reason why I love it because I enjoy the feeling that can change something literally, that's the man's romance.