# 2019-nCoV : The virus knows no borders, say thank you to the world

---

**Created by Tomas and Max, with love and hardworking**

*2020/3/5*

---

## Starting up

### Pictures Here

Pictrues here

> Novel coronavirus pneumonia (nCoV in short as follows), the criminal who made us stay home, was universally acknowledged.
>
> The growth trend of the epidemic has been well controlled in China, but we all know recently the nCov has been a worldwide problem.
>
> Today Thomas and Max will have a talk about some interesting things happened around the world during the epidemic situation.

---



- This is a war without fire , but the show is still on playing



---

## Part 1 The show is on playing

Dele Alli 

> He plays as midfielder for Spurs and England national team.
>
> Last mounth, he Post a video on Snapchat.
> In the video, he Put the camera  pointed at an Asian man, then pointed at a hand soap in the washroom.
> Following the video， he Wrote a sentence as"This have to be more quicker otherwise I will get infected by the virus".
> Later he deleted this video and apologied.
>
> He socred a goal every 240min but he delete the video in only 10 minutues, how fast he is !

Jonason Moe 

> suffered racist violence by strangers 
>
> He post experience on his Facebook.
>
> He said, he just could'nt understand why people would attack someone simply because of his skin color. It doesn't make sense at all.
>
> a broken bone , swollen eye
>
> "When people see asians with face mask on , he'll easily get shouted"
>
> "That's ridiculous because they are not protect theirselves and you as well "

---



- Someone may not get infected , but what they had done makes us confusing. So let's step into Human's strange behaviors exhibition.



---

## Part 2 Human's strange behaviors exhibition

Chun Kwang-hoon 全光勋 in chinese

> he's a paster in South Korea, holding The President of the Christan Concil of Korea.
>
> In the meeting with thousands people, he spoke ,
>
> "That's nothing if we die, cause we are belonged to God"
>
> "Is anyone infected ? If is, come here next time, God will heal you."

An old man in Italy

> He walked out the surpermarket and said,
>
> The shelf was empty, and all the spaghetti were sold out. I cannot figure out what's going on here.
>
> I never been so panicked ,even during World War II . MaMa MiMi”

Louvre 

> is forced to be closed because of the severe epidemic stuation
>
> 298 of 300 sutffs work in Louvre voted for NOT attendening
>
> Meantime in the morning, the Louvre did not post any notifications , which created a long line in front of Louvre.
>
> Later afternoon , the official comments said Lourve will closed all day.

Japan's monks 

> They watered from the head in naked, wishing the epidemic ends soon.
>
> They prayed in the main hall with hundreds of belivers.
>
> Over his head is a sigh With '2019nCoV  enemy retreats '

Italian citizens

> A Town  in northern Italy got blocked by government.
>
> Local residents demonstrated just for so called freedom
>
> They gathered  together on the ground, holding banners written down with 'We want freedom back!'
>
> In fact , there is no protection and residents did not wear face masks.

Iran's people 

> Then licked Holy Land, in  order to prevent people infected.
>
> Even child licked doors and handles.
>
> But on March 3rd, 1500 people got infected and 66 people died.

---



- Foreign dramas we have seen , fulling with ridiculous and odd, What about China?



---

## Part 3 What about China?

Bruce Aylward-- an expert from WHO

> Said in a conference (康)
>
> Because the global society is not yet ready to speak and prepare in mindset of China.
>
> So many chinese are suffering biases from all over the world.But here's the thing.
>
> Our medias and news reported that we have nothing, there's no vaccine, there's no effective treatment while China said, ok so let's use the old solutions and make change for the world.

Mr.Antonio  -- UN Secretary General

> He said some thing in an Interview Conference.
>
> I appreciate all the Chinese people who are suffering inconvenience , cause they do make a great sacrifice for human beings.
>
> The worlds own you.

Tedros Adhanom -- Director General of the WHO

> Clarified that
>
> On the contrary, WHO continues to have a confidence in China's capacity to control the outbreak.
>
> I was in China just a few days ago , when I met with Prezident Xi , I left absolutely no doubts about China's commitment to transparency and protecting the world's people.



---



## Ending

Although we made mistakes at the beginning, we present almost best excutive power in  isolation, area blocking, and any other things.

We lost more than 3k lives till now. Please Remember, These are people not numbers



**Our people may get sick , our city may get sick,**

**but we as a brave nation will never ever get sick.**